Improve documentation and add warnings re: params-file vs configuration (#3571)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/cli.rst

    $ nextflow run nextflow-io/hello -with-tower

- Invoke the nextflow pipeline execution with a custom parameters ``YAML/JSON`` file.
  The parameters which are specified through this mechanism are merged with the resolved configuration (base configuration and profiles) and only the common fields are overwritten by the ``YAML/JSON`` file. ::

    $ nextflow run main.nf -params-file pipeline_params.yml

>   For example, the following params file::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, the following params file (in JSON)::
```

>   For example, the following params file (in JSON)::
> 
>     {
>       "alpha": 1,
>       "beta": "foo"
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, the following params file in YAML format::

    alpha: 1
    beta: 'foo'
```

  Is equivalent to the following command line::

    $ nextflow run main.nf --alpha 1 --beta foo

> 

Author: An example of a params file in YAML format::

    alpha: 1
    beta: 'foo'

Author: One further addition
